Hey everybody. This is Jimmy with bright insight today.
I'm gonna talk with you about go Beckley Tepe.
Bottom line is that this is 100% definitive proof that
not only is the history of human civilization,
far older than what we were taught in school.
And what is actively still being taught at the public school's and universities,
that it is also definitive evidence,
that there is some sort of lost ancient high technology or machinery that was
utilized to not only cut and carve these stones,
but lift them and place them where they, where they are,
because when we're talking weights as high as 40 to 60 tons,
think about that. Like how about you research? What year was that?
We finally developed a crane that could lift that type of weight and you have to
ask yourself,
how could this possibly have been done 12,000 years ago? Yes,
that's right. 12,000 years ago, as, uh,
they were able to carbonate from pottery and other artifacts that were located
in around the site. Now put to put that in perspective,
what it is currently being taught in school about ancient Egypt is that the
pyramids are 4,500 years old. Now I have another video about that, which,
you know, look, there's significant evidence that, you know,
the ruins around ancient Egypt are significantly older than what we've been
taught.
But the bottom line here is that we have a site that is twice as old as
stone hedge, and only 5% of it has been excavated.
And it's huge. It's 50 times bigger than stone hedge. In fact,
this is go Beckley Tepe is 90,000 square meters.
That's bigger than 12 football fields. People like it's humongous.
And guess what? It's located in Turkey. And just a few years ago,
Turkey removed all of their funding for the excavation.
And this thing hasn't been touched in a few years, and they're only 5%, uh,
they've only excavated 5% of it as validated by ground penetrating radar.
Like it's absolutely massive. I mean,
you can see the pictures here of these T-shaped pillars,
that range anywhere from 40 to 60 tons,
some of the lower estimates as you'll read on Wiki, you say 20 times,
which by the way,
like if you're researching and getting your information from Wikipedia on
anything having to do with ancient technology or ancient civilization,
like you really need to double check,
not only the sources they list on it because you'll see huge discrepancies,
but you also need to look at information that's put out by leading archeologists
and geologists about anyways, I don't even get me started on that subject,
but the information's out there guys go look for it. It's it's there.
Now what's even more interesting is that go,
Beckley Tepe is aligned with the north south east and west equinoxes.
And it also has alignment with various constellations in the sky. Like,
it's unbelievable.
Like how did they have the technology or the knowledge to do something like
that? 12,000 fricking years ago, L you know,
right now in what's being taught. And what we were taught is that,
and they hardly even mentioned this in school too,
but that's a whole other story is that,
so the Sumerian culture located Mesopotamia dates back 6,000 years
ago, and that is considered the first, you know, human civilization.
They had the first writing, the first calendar, which we still use today,
by the way, and as well as like various mathematical formulas and other things.
So that's 6,000 years ago. So this is twice as old as that. And yet,
if you look at the pictures, you're on just how complex this is,
it's unbelievable. And by the way,
the pictures that you're seeing mostly of foxes, snakes, wild boars cranes,
wild ducks, um, but they also have various, uh, human, uh,
extremities that appear on some of the pillars, uh,
arms and even show some with a, uh, a tail it's really,
really interesting stuff. Um,
but this wasn't discovered until 1995 go Beckley Tepi was discovered by
professor Schmidt from, uh, the German archeological Institute.
And these T-shaped pillars by the way that you're looking at are anywhere from
three to six meters tall. Uh, so in other words, approximately 20 feet,
and at some point, so like I said, this was discovered in 1995,
but at some point in the long PA distant past, this was buried,
it was deliberately buried and you,
and the way they've excavated with the stones and sand and gravel were
literally dumped into this huge area. Why, who knows,
like maybe someone was trying to hide it, maybe they were trying to preserve it.
There's a million theories, but nobody knows obviously, right,
but there's over 200 of these pillars of these T-shaped pillars.
And they're absolutely ginormous.
And when you consider that this is 7,000 years older than Stonehenge,
and that it's 90,000 square meters and that the stone, the,
these pillars are 40 to 60 tons guys. The evidence is right in front of us,
that the obviously had some sort of amazing technology that was at least on par
with what we have today, or maybe more advanced. We don't know guys,
you have to start researching the,
this global cataly that there's overwhelming evidence that happened
11,500 years ago. And, and another incident,
12,700 years ago,
you have to start asking yourself some questions here. This, what we have,
what we were taught is not accurate.
What is currently being taught to our children and as well as people at the
university level is not accurate. Why is that?
Why is it that the Turkish government has prevented any excavations for the last
few years? Why guys, hello, wake up. We have the evidence right in front of us.
And it's time that these questions start getting answered as far as why is the
excavation not currently going on? Right. Anyways, this is Jimmy.
I bright insight be style.